hello and walk
the pop-up workshop brought to you by
pop apology in this tutorial I'll be
showing you how to fold a simple skyline
loosely based on New York skyscrapers as
always you can download a free PDF for
this project from our web site
www.kpbs.org/news/evening edition falls
that come towards us so in order to
begin just gently press forward your
shapes at the bottom this you can do
just by supporting the back of your card
with your fingers and just just bravely
but gently pushing forward these
elements separately and only to a
shallow degree so don't overdo it at
this stage and you can just see how the
shapes start to emerge and just
progressively go along the bottom of
your design always just pressing right
at the bottom with your finger from the
back and then just helping it helping
the shapes along and at the same time it
can sometimes be useful to just press
down on this top plane whilst holding
onto the bottom with your left hand I'm
left-handed so it might be slightly
different for you and once you get to
this tower you can actually just turn
your card around and work at your design
from the top as well
this just makes it more consistent and
you have less chance of the paper
buckling increasing in the wrong places
the last part of our fold will be this
skyscraper here and just progressively
as you can see is keeping an eye on and
all the separate parts of your design
and using as many digits as you feel
comfortable with from the back just
press forward just gently and in small
increments as you can see right here you
can from the front just pinch if you if
you feel the need to accentuate some of
the especially mounting folds that come
towards you you can just pinch on top or
from the top to make those creases a
little bit more pronounced and as you
can see once you get to about this stage
in the folding process you're ready to
do what what we refer to as collapse
your design and that's just done quite
bravely like so and once you have done
the final collapse you can just smooth
out the back of your card like so and
you should end up once opening your
design with a very crisp fold as you can
see here what you can do to embellish
your your design is stick a transparency
paper on the back which ends up giving
you a very impressive shadow play liking
it in a sort of theatrical sense or else
just leave it as it is and just enjoy
looking at the shapes through the paper
created by simply cutting and folding
and as always from just one single sheet
well I hope you enjoy that and I'll see
you again soon thanks for watching good
bye
you